# irritating-doggo
Group Members: Shekar Brahma (brahma2), Wyatt Duiker (duiker2), Shailpik Roy (sroy15)

Background : Our project is a ransomware program that will continuously encrypt files on the victim’s machine, until they provide us with the random (Amazon Gift Card Code).

Our project has two different programs, one meant to be run on the victim’s machine, and the other on the attacker’s machine. The victim will run the file called game.py in the Victim directory. This file will open a “game” for the victim to play. They must continuously click a “Prevent Encryption” button, or all the files in the specified directory will be encrypted (in this case, the run_test_dir included with the code). When they give up, we will ask them to send us a $10 Amazon code along with a text file containing some encrypted keys saved to a folder they specify. After sending this email (with just the attachment.txt file, no gift card is actually required), you will run some code from the attacker side. At this point, you can look inside the run_test_dir to verify the files are encrypted (Victim\run_test_dir\Users\Victim\Pictures has some images). Some files will not be encrypted (Program Files, Windows directory etc) to avoid an actual machine becoming nonfunctional. 
You will now run email_client.py. This will automatically check all unread emails, parse out the attachments, create the text file containing the decryption keys and reply back to the email where they got the attachment.txt file. Finally the victim has to pass in that text file into the application to unlock their files.You will return to the game, click continue and select the key.txt you received in the email to decrypt your files. 
